now the United Nations Secretary General
Antonio guz has said Aid deliveries to
Gaza are C completely inadequate we
heard earlier also from the uh
commissioner of the United Nations for
high refuge for refugees the High
Commissioner for refugees I should say
philipo Grandy who was speaking to the
UN Security Council and he said that
International humanitarian law is being
ignored in Gaza take a listen the past
three weeks have provided devastating
proof that disregarding the basic rules
of War International humanitarian law is
increasingly becoming the norm and not
the exception with Innocent civilians
killed in unprecedented numbers in the
Hamas attacks on Israeli civilians and
in the killing of Palestinian civilians
and massive destruction of
infrastructure caused by the ongoing
Israeli military operation as we we
speak and as you know over 2 million
gazans half of them children are going
through what my colleague Philip
lazarini has called hell on Earth let's
bring in Gabriel elizando who's at the
United Nations headqu is for us in New
York gave a very powerful statement
there from filipo Grandy to the UN
Security Council tell us more about what
he said and how it was
received yeah I think people were
listening and intently to his words
particularly now because of the strike
on the jabalia refugee camp that as
we've been reporting appears to have
killed potentially hundreds he did not
address that specific incident when he
uh was talking to the security Council
there as you just heard however within
the last few minutes Mr Grandy has came
come out of the security council
chambers I was able to ask him
specifically has he seen the images from
the jabala refugee camp and he responded
Yes he has seen them and he was a little
emotional quite frankly when I said what
is your response to them he paused for
several seconds and said that uh and
paraphrasing what he said he basically
told me that it was some of the worst uh
that he has ever seen and that says a
lot coming from him he's been a diplomat
for 30 years uh at the United Nations
and was the former head of unra which is
the UN agency that deals with
Palestinian refugees in Gaza so uh he
has seen it uh I asked him does he think
it's a war crime he said it's not for me
to state that it's up for others to make
that to determination but clearly the
head of uh the U High Commissioner for
refugees of the UN there filipo grandi
has seen what's going on in the jabali
refugee camp and is following it closely
Gabe we've had several uh resolutions um
tabled at the UN Security Council
they've all been uh of course vetoed
those resolutions they've all failed
what happens now at the security
Council yeah there's a lot of
frustration with some Security Council
Members that they have not been able to
in one unified voice get a resolution
through and we're over three weeks into
this conflict four Security Council
resolutions have failed for various
reasons two by Russia one by Brazil that
was vetoed by the United States and one
by the United States that was
essentially vetoed by China and Russia
now we are hearing that uh uh Malta in
conjunction with other uh non-permanent
members of the security Council are
working on another draft resolution we
have not seen it yet but they're working
on it behind the scenes for the last
several days hoping to make it public
here uh very soon they say uh and they
are hoping that this draft resolution
will get the support of enough Security
Council Members to pass the key is will
it call for a ceasefire will it call for
humanitarian pause and will the US and
the UK agree to that these are all
things that are are moving behind the
scenes right now and as events move very
fast in Gaza uh there is ramped up
urgency you can tell by some members of
the security Council to try to get a
resolution through all right Gabe thank
you for the update from the United
Nations headquarters in New York